# CommonSongsData

This repository contains some of the data stored in the database utilized by http://commonsongs.com, a web application that
was built to help users of the Smule karaoke application to find songs to sing together. All of the data in the file is 
publicly visible through the Smule website, and the data is raw and unordered.

## File Download

Because the file is over 400MB, it's currently stored on Goolge Drive and the link is shared below:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ySUYrsZebZCRXfHySDP_-MfDXC6VTCJG/view?usp=sharing

## Schema
Each row within the CSV file represents a performance associated with a particular Smule user, whether live or 
as part of what's called an OC (Open Call.)

### id (integer): An internal unique ID for every performance stored

This is an ID that was created in the local store by the Common Songs web application. It holds little value
other than providing the order in which songs were stored.

### name (string): Name of the singer linked to this performance

Every singer has a profile page that lists the performances they've participated in, and this name identifies the 
singer by their username at the time that the query for the performance occured. Singers can change their usernames, 
although this is a small percentage of users.

### artist (string): The artist name entered by the person who uploaded the karaoke track

Anyone can upload a karaoke track, and the tracks and artists can be titled however the uploader would like. Often,
this field will contain emojis and fancy Unicode characters, so beware that the data will require some cleaning.

### created_at (e.g., 2010-05-07 13:59:22): UTC time that the recording was created at Smule

This represents the time the performance was created at Smule, and Smule operates at UTC-7.

### performance_key (e.g., 1234567890_1234567890): Unique key generated by Smule for each performance

This is a unique ID assigned to every performance by Smule. Of note, if the same performance is requested through two
separate Smule profiles, one can filter out the duplicate listings of the performances using this key.

### title (string): The title entered by the person who uploaded the karaoke track

Anyone can upload a karaoke track, and the tracks and artists can be titled however the uploader would like. Often,
this field will contain emojis and fancy Unicode characters, so beware that the data will require some cleaning.

### web_url (e.g., /recording/some-recording-name/123455666544_1234314/...): Relative path to the performance video

This relative path can be used to view the corresponding performance on the Smule website. Creating a URL by 
prepending https://smule.com/rest-of-web-url-here allows you to visit the corresponding performance.
